README.md, before:

# idle-game-engine

Game engine for idle games like kittens game.

## Code

- [game.go](game/game.go) general game engine
- [data.go](data/data.go) representation of the data
- [ui.go](ui/ui.go) representation of the UI
- [textui.go](textui/textui.go) text UI
- [simple.go](examples/simple/simple.go) run simple game
- [kittens.go](kittens/kittens.go) kittens game
- [main.go](main.go) run kittens game
- [game.out](kittens/testdata/game.out) json representation of kittens game, including generated formulas
- [solve.go](kittens/solve/solve.go) solution to kittens game
- [solve.out](kittens/testdata/solve.out) text UI output for solution to kittens game
- [graph.go](kittens/graph/graph.go) generate graph of kittens game dependencies
- [graph.svg](kittens/testdata/graph.svg) graph of kittens game dependencies

## Special Actions

- Time skip until a game action is available
- Create all the inputs for an action
- Max an action (skip, create, buy)

## Dev

Run tests and build:

```
$ go test ./... && go build
```

## Run

Run interactive kittens game:

```
$ ./idle-game-engine
```

Use text UI or http://localhost:8080/.

Set starting resources:

```
$ ./idle-game-engine --resource_map='catnip:100,Catnip Field:1'
```

Watch kittens game solution:

```
$ ./idle-game-engine --auto
```

Faster solution:

```
./idle-game-engine --auto --auto_sleep_ms=100
```

## General Ideas

- shared web server
- configurable game rules at runtime
- competition of best solutions
  - least actions 
  - least skipped time
- competition of bots

## Kittens

Graph of current features:

![graph](kittens/testdata/graph.svg)

Nodes:

![graph nodes](kittens/testdata/graph_nodes.svg)

Edges:

![graph edges](kittens/testdata/graph_edges.svg)

More features from kittens game:

- https://wiki.kittensgame.com/en/general-information/resources
  - https://wiki.kittensgame.com/en/general-information/resources/starchart
- https://wiki.kittensgame.com/en/general-information/game-mechanics
- https://wiki.kittensgame.com/en/home

Commit message:

update graph of unlocks to make it connected

README.md, after:

# idle-game-engine

Game engine for idle games like kittens game.

## Code

- [game.go](game/game.go) general game engine
- [data.go](data/data.go) representation of the data
- [ui.go](ui/ui.go) representation of the UI
- [textui.go](textui/textui.go) text UI
- [simple.go](examples/simple/simple.go) run simple game
- [kittens.go](kittens/kittens.go) kittens game
- [main.go](main.go) run kittens game
- [game.out](kittens/testdata/game.out) json representation of kittens game, including generated formulas
- [solve.go](kittens/solve/solve.go) solution to kittens game
- [solve.out](kittens/testdata/solve.out) text UI output for solution to kittens game
- [graph.go](kittens/graph/graph.go) generate graph of kittens game dependencies
- [graph.svg](kittens/testdata/graph.svg) graph of kittens game dependencies
- [graph_blue.svg](kittens/testdata/graph_blue.svg) graph of kittens game unlocks

## Special Actions

- Time skip until a game action is available
- Create all the inputs for an action
- Max an action (skip, create, buy)

## Dev

Run tests and build:

```
$ go test ./... && go build
```

## Run

Run interactive kittens game:

```
$ ./idle-game-engine
```

Use text UI or http://localhost:8080/.

Set starting resources:

```
$ ./idle-game-engine --resource_map='catnip:100,Catnip Field:1'
```

Watch kittens game solution:

```
$ ./idle-game-engine --auto
```

Faster solution:

```
./idle-game-engine --auto --auto_sleep_ms=100
```

## General Ideas

- shared web server
- configurable game rules at runtime
- competition of best solutions
  - least actions 
  - least skipped time
- competition of bots

## Kittens

Graph of features:

![graph](kittens/testdata/graph.svg)

Graph of unlocks:

![graph](kittens/testdata/graph_blue.svg)

Nodes:

![graph nodes](kittens/testdata/graph_nodes.svg)

Edges:

![graph edges](kittens/testdata/graph_edges.svg)

More features from kittens game:

- https://wiki.kittensgame.com/en/general-information/resources
  - https://wiki.kittensgame.com/en/general-information/resources/starchart
- https://wiki.kittensgame.com/en/general-information/game-mechanics
- https://wiki.kittensgame.com/en/home
